Standard Terms and Conditions 
 
Following terms and conditions ("Standard Terms and Conditions") shall apply to 
the “Windows Azure Trade-In Scheme” detailed below (the “Scheme”).   
 
1. For the purposes of the Scheme, the term Microsoft, shall mean:  
Microsoft Regional Sales Corporation, Singapore Branch. 
 
2. “Scheme Period”; means [20th March, 2014] to [30th June, 2014] (both days 
inclusive). Microsoft reserves all rights to alter Scheme Period, as it deems 
necessary, without any prior notice to or approval from any party. 
 
3. The Scheme shall be valid in India only. 
 
4. “Participant”; means any Small and Medium Business category customer having 
PC count between 5 to 100, having business in India who obtains first time Azure 
subscription online from Microsoft during the Scheme Period and wants to 
participate in the Scheme.  
 
 
 
5. Trade In Scheme Registration Process:  
a) Participants must call Scheme Toll Free calling number 1 800 307 04660 or Log 
into www.microsoft.com/india/movetoazure site to register for their interest.   
b) Upon registration, the Scheme Helpdesk will reach out to the Participant within 7 
working days and: 
I. 
Understand & assess cloud solution requirements; 
II. 
Undertake demo of the Windows Azure product and Scheme features to 
Participant either on phone or through Lync call. 
III. 
Helpdesk will obtain an email consent from Participant and will pass the 
lead to Microsoft Recycle Partner (Recycle Partner) for evaluating the 
existing hardware of the Participant and quote for the trade in of the 
hardware.   
 
c) Recycle Partner will directly contact the Participant to estimate and may offer a 
purchase price for existing servers/hardware belonging to Participant. The 
trade-in of hardware may have VAT implications and/or attract other levies, eg 
octroi etc.   It is between the Participant and Recycle Partner to ensure 
compliance with any tax laws, and Microsoft will not intervene or be held 
responsible for non-compliance by either party.   
d) Participant’s transactions with Recycle Partner will be on principal to principal 
basis, and Microsoft has no role in influencing the decision of the Recycle Partner 
to purchase existing hardware of the Participant, or the purchase price for the 
trade in. Any disputes between Recycle Partner and Participant must be resolved 
between the parties and Microsoft cannot be made party to the same.    
e] Recycle Partner will pay the purchase consideration value directly to the 
Participant and will collect the existing hardware from the Participant. 
Participant agree to issue necessary gate passes, approvals and letters to Recycle 
Partner for ease in delivery of the traded-in hardware to the Recycle Partner.   
f] Recycle Partner will issue an acknowledgment mentioning the details of 
hardware traded in by the Participant, and the trade-in price paid to the 
Participant.  Participant agrees that Recycle Partner may share a copy of this 
acknowledgment letter to Microsoft, and/or to its designated agency.   
g] This Scheme and Scheme Benefits are available only through the Microsoft 
identified Recycle Partners in India only.   
TABLE DATA

Row 1:

 Value of hardware traded-in, as per Acknowledgement issued by Recycle partner: $200-$1000

 Sign-up for Minimum commitment of Windows Azure for One Year for the following amounts (USD) to include Upfront payment: $3000

 Additional Credit towards Windows Azure services: Not exceeding $500 per month, against the billable subscription amount for first 2 months

 Overall Scheme Benefits for Participants: $4000 worth of Azure subscription for $3000

 
Row 2:

 Value of hardware traded-in, as per Acknowledgement issued by Recycle partner: $1000-$3000

 Sign-up for Minimum commitment of Windows Azure for One Year for the following amounts (USD) to include Upfront payment: $10000

 Additional Credit towards Windows Azure services: Not exceeding $1000 per month, against the billable subscription amount for first 4 months

 Overall Scheme Benefits for Participants: $14000 worth of Azure subscription for $10000

 
Row 3:

 Value of hardware traded-in, as per Acknowledgement issued by Recycle partner: $3000-$5000

 Sign-up for Minimum commitment of Windows Azure for One Year for the following amounts (USD) to include Upfront payment: $15000

 Additional Credit towards Windows Azure services: Not exceeding $1500 per month, against the billable subscription amount for first 4 months

 Overall Scheme Benefits for Participants: $21000 worth of Azure subscription for $15000

 
Row 4:

 Value of hardware traded-in, as per Acknowledgement issued by Recycle partner: $5000-$10000

 Sign-up for Minimum commitment of Windows Azure for One Year for the following amounts (USD) to include Upfront payment: $25000

 Additional Credit towards Windows Azure services: Not exceeding $3000 per month, against the billable subscription amount for first 4 months

 Overall Scheme Benefits for Participants: $37000 worth of Azure subscription for $25000

 h] Participant will call the Scheme Helpdesk to confirm receipt of the 
acknowledgement for the trade-in and activation of the Scheme benefits as 
described in the table below 
 
Value of hardware 
traded-in, as per 
Acknowledgement 
issued by Recycle 
partner 
Sign-up 
for 
Minimum 
commitment 
of 
Windows Azure 
for One Year for 
the 
following 
amounts 
(USD) 
to 
include 
Upfront 
payment 
Additional Credit 
towards 
Windows 
Azure 
services  
Overall 
Scheme 
Benefits 
for 
Participants 
$200-$1000 
$3000 
Not 
exceeding 
$500 per month, 
against the billable 
subscription 
amount for first 2 
months  
$4000 worth of 
Azure 
subscription 
for 
$3000 
$1000-$3000 
$10000 
Not 
exceeding 
$1000 per month, 
against the billable 
subscription 
amount for first 4 
months 
$14000 worth of 
Azure 
subscription 
for 
$10000 
$3000-$5000 
$15000 
Not 
exceeding 
$1500 per month, 
against the billable 
subscription 
amount for first 4 
months 
$21000 worth of 
Azure 
subscription 
for 
$15000 
$5000-$10000 
$25000 
Not 
exceeding 
$3000 per month, 
against the billable 
subscription 
amount for first 4 
months 
$37000 worth of 
Azure 
subscription 
for 
$25000 
 
i. Additional credits for Windows Azure Services offered as per Scheme Benefit will 
not be carried forward or adjusted beyond the initial duration specified above.  
E.g. if billing in month 1 is $400 and the credit amount ($500) exceeds the billing, the 
customer would be charged nil, and the unutilized credit of $100 will not carry forward 
to month 2 or beyond. 
ii. Azure subscription has to be 12 month upfront payment commitment plan, and 
the Azure Trade-in credit only applies to the 1st subscription purchase in one 
account.  
iii. Additional credits for Windows Azure Services would not be payable in cash, 
and would be available as an adjustment only against subscription billing 
for Azure Services, as per the table above. To further clarify, additional 
credits for Azure Services cannot be adjusted against subscription billing for 
Office 365, CRM Online or other online services direct by Microsoft to the 
Participant.  
iv. Participant is required to create first time Windows Azure subscription with 
minimum commitment threshold as per above table to avail scheme benefit. 
v. Participation in this scheme is optional, and customers can continue to buy Azure 
from Microsoft without any Scheme benefits.  
vi. 
All queries related to the Scheme can be written to program cell    
movetoazure@machwan.com  
 
 
 
Scheme General Terms and Conditions: 
 
1. For calculation of Benefits, only the parent organization of a Participant would be 
considered.  Purchase of Eligible Products by sister concerns would not be counted or 
eligible to be redeemed. The Participant shall not be eligible to obtain Benefits under 
the Scheme if the Participant has obtained or is eligible to obtain similar benefits under 
any other scheme pertaining to the Eligible Product. 
 
2. Microsoft shall not be responsible for errors in online registrations. 
 
3. Participation in the Scheme shall be construed as an acceptance of the Terms and 
Conditions stipulated herein. Any breach or default by a Participant of any of the Terms 
and Conditions herein shall result in immediate disqualification without notice.  
 
4. The Participant undertakes and declares that, it does not use or sell any unauthorized 
or pirated Microsoft software. In the event, a Participant is found to be doing so (either 
during or subsequent to the Scheme Period), the entry of such Participant shall be 
immediately disqualified from the Scheme and cash equivalent of any Benefits awarded 
to the Participant under the Scheme shall become immediately due to Microsoft. 
Microsoft shall be entitled to deduct such amounts from any other amounts due to 
Participant under this Scheme or any other transaction. This does not restrict Microsoft 
and its Affiliates to initiate further legal actions, against the Participant, using other 
legal remedies available to them under applicable laws. 
 
5. Microsoft reserves the right to demand return of the Benefits or adjust the amount of 
such Benefits given by Microsoft to Participant under the Scheme from any moneys 
owed to Microsoft by such Participant in case Eligible Product obtained during the 
Scheme Period are returned to Microsoft and/ or Microsoft does not receive the fees for 
such Eligible Products. 
 
6. Benefits shall neither be transferable nor exchangeable for cash or otherwise.  Mere 
participation in the Scheme shall not entitle a Participant to the Benefits. No other 
person or agent can claim the Benefits on behalf of the Participant. 
 
7. Taxes, insurance, incidental costs on the Benefits shall be fully borne by the selected 
Participants.  
 
8. Subject to any applicable law (a) All warranties of any kind whatsoever, whether 
express or implied, are hereby expressly disclaimed by Microsoft including, but not 
limited to, meeting of the Participant's requirements or aspirations, timeliness, security, 
the results or reliability of any scheme, or the delivery, quality, quantity, 
merchantability, fitness for use or non-infringement in respect of any goods, services, 
benefits or awards acquired or obtained through the Scheme or any transactions 
effected through the Scheme; (b) The Participant expressly agrees that his/her 
participation in the Scheme offered by Microsoft is at the Participant's sole risk and is 
governed by the Terms and Conditions herein; and (c) No advice or information 
whether by representations, oral, written or pictorial derived from the website or 
through the Scheme shall be construed to mean the giving of any warranty of any kind 
by Microsoft. 
 
9. Microsoft also reserves all rights with respect to, withdraw, alter terms and conditions, 
Benefits, and discontinue Scheme at any stage without any liability whatsoever. 
Participants are requested to refer to such other terms and conditions, if any, which 
may be displayed on-line or intimated separately as Microsoft considers fit. However, 
no obligation is cast on Microsoft to separately intimate each individual Participant 
with regard to such additional terms and conditions. The decision on the Participants 
selected by Microsoft shall be final and binding and no correspondence or 
communication shall be entertained in this regard 
 
10. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution Mechanism: 
The Scheme shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of 
Singapore. Any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Scheme shall be 
referred to and finally resolved by arbitration in Singapore in accordance with the 
Arbitration Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”), which 
rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference into this Scheme. The tribunal shall 
consist of one arbitrator to be appointed by the Chairman of SIAC. The language of the 
arbitration shall be English. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final, binding and 
incontestable and may be used as a basis for judgment thereon in India or elsewhere. 
 
  
